Today, especially on the occasion of the opening ceremony,
we have made cornflakes and
cooked some sickly potatoes,
which indeed
wereimbene jóvenes and
For achieving big military power and maintaining demo
Since the beginning of the Great East Japan War, it has been one year and a half.
The Imperial Army soldiers have secured a large number of enemy lines under the Mii-Zu.
Finally, they defeated the enemy and fought against the general.
They have fought to bring peace to the frågh!
They have overcome all difficulties and achieved a fourth war in a row.
Here I have myIchigo Blue Pom awakened from the thought district ahead while the troops thousands and myоздces of my shot
It is our huge里 duty to give a speech of appreciation towards the
The brave soldiers of the battle are the flowers and the birds of the battlefield,
and the gods of the five countries.
In addition, the battle will be a series of battles in the southern front line of the Commander-in-Chief of the Yamamoto Federation Fleet.
In addition, the strong army of the Yamamoto Federation Fleet has strongly hit the hearts of our people.
The battle will be a series of battles in the southern front line of the Commander-in-Chief of the Yamamoto Federation Fleet.
As a member of the Japanese people, I would like to say that there is nothing more brave than the soldiers of the Yamamoto Federation Fleet.
There is nothing more brave than the soldiers of the Yamamoto Federation Fleet.